Expand contributing documentation (#157)
cncf/cnf-wg: CONTRIBUTING.md

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

- General improvements to documentation

> - [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to define best practices)

Reviewer: Defined reads odd to me. Maybe something like provide context to a best practice? I'm not sure if that is right easier, but in my mind the use case provides the justification for the best practices existence in the first place. Its also what we'd ultimately measure the BP against.

Reviewer 2: 'select'?

Author: I'll take both of your suggestions

> - [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to define best practices)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to provide context for and select best practices)
```

- Definitions
  - [Actors and Roles](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/30)
  - [Glossary](doc/glossary.md)
- [CNF Best Practices](doc/best_cnf_dev.md)
- Gap Analysis

## How to Contribute

### [Come to Meetings](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#meetings)

Absolutely everyone is welcome to come to any of our meetings. You never need an
invite to join us. In fact, we want you to join us, even if you don’t have
anything you feel like you want to contribute. Just being there is enough!

You can find out more about our meetings [here](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#meetings). You don’t have to turn on
your video. The first time you come, introducing yourself is more than enough.
Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions, giving

> feedback on others’ ideas, and even sharing your own ideas, and experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feedback on others’ ideas. Simply sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.
```

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

- General improvements to documentation
- [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to provide context for and select best practices)

>   - [See the template for more details](/use-case/NNNN-UC-template.md)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [See the template for more details](use-case/NNNN-UC-template.md)
```

- Definitions
  - [Actors and Roles](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/30)
  - [Glossary](doc/glossary.md)
- [CNF Best Practices](doc/best_cnf_dev.md)

>   - [See the template for more details](/cbpps/NNNN-cbpp-template.md)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [See the template for more details](cbpps/NNNN-cbpp-template.md)
```

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

- General improvements to documentation
- [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to provide context for and select best practices)
  - [See the template for more details](use-case/NNNN-UC-template.md)
- Definitions
  - [Actors and Roles](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/30)
  - [Glossary](doc/glossary.md)
- [CNF Best Practices](doc/best_cnf_dev.md)
  - [See the template for more details](cbpps/NNNN-cbpp-template.md)
- Gap Analysis

###

> CNF WG doesn't develop any code, but it's work feeds into many groups that do develop code both upstream and downstream. If you want to take the work of the CNF WG and put it into code, check out:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CNF WG doesn't develop any code, but its work feeds into many groups that do develop code both upstream and downstream. If you want to take the work of the CNF WG and put it into code, check out:
```

- [CNF Test Suite](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-testsuite) is the place for test cases used in best practices

> - [Kubernetes Network Plumbing](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg) implementes a common standard addressing how one may attach multiple networks to pods in Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Kubernetes Network Plumbing](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg) implements a common standard addressing how one may attach multiple networks to pods in Kubernetes
```

- [Kubernetes SIG Network](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-network) is responsible for the components, interfaces, and APIs which expose networking capabilities to Kubernetes users and workloads

## How to Contribute

> ### [Come to Meetings](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#meetings)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### [Come to Meetings](#meetings)
```

Absolutely everyone is welcome to come to any of our meetings. You never need an
invite to join us. In fact, we want you to join us, even if you don’t have
anything you feel like you want to contribute. Just being there is enough!

You can find out more about our meetings [here](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#meetings). You don’t have to turn on
your video. The first time you come, introducing yourself is more than enough.

> Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions, giving

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions and giving
```

> Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions and giving
> feedback on others’ ideas. Simply sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions, ideas and providing feedback with the community. Sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.
```

> feedback on others’ ideas. Simply sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
your feedback. Simply sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.
```

### Join a GitHub Discussion

> - Go to the [GitHub Discussion board](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Go to the [GitHub Discussion board](discussions)
```

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

- General improvements to documentation
- [Use cases](use-case/) and user stories (these are used to provide context for and select best practices)
  - [See the template for more details](use-case/NNNN-UC-template.md)
- Definitions
  - [Actors and Roles](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/30)
  - [Glossary](doc/glossary.md)
- [CNF Best Practices](doc/best_cnf_dev.md)
  - [See the template for more details](cbpps/NNNN-cbpp-template.md)
- Gap Analysis

> ###

Author: ```suggestion
### Code Contributions
```

- [Kubernetes Network Plumbing](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg) implements a common standard addressing how one may attach multiple networks to pods in Kubernetes
- [Kubernetes SIG Network](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-network) is responsible for the components, interfaces, and APIs which expose networking capabilities to Kubernetes users and workloads

## How to Contribute

### [Come to Meetings](#meetings)

Absolutely everyone is welcome to come to any of our meetings. You never need an
invite to join us. In fact, we want you to join us, even if you don’t have
anything you feel like you want to contribute. Just being there is enough!

You can find out more about our meetings [here](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#meetings). You don’t have to turn on
your video. The first time you come, introducing yourself is more than enough.
Over time, we hope that you feel comfortable voicing your opinions, ideas and providing feedback with the community. Sharing your own ideas, and experiences can help in ways you might not initially realize.

### Join a GitHub Discussion

> - Go to the [GitHub Discussion board](discussions)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Go to the [GitHub Discussion board](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions)
```

- Participate in existing discussions
  - eg. [Defining actors and audiences](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/30)
- Add new discussion topics
- Reference Issues, PRs, and existing content from the [CNF WG repo](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg)

### Find an Issue

> Review, contribute to, create new [GitHub issues](issues).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Review, contribute to, create new [GitHub issues](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/issues).
```

We have good first issues for new contributors and help wanted issues suitable

> for any contributor. [good first issue](labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for any contributor. [good first issue](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to
```

> help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](labels/help%20wanted) are issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/help%20wanted) are issues
```

don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](#current-co-chairs).  

Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying
that you want to work on it. Something like "I want to work on this" is fine.

### Submit Pull Requests

Pull Requests are always welcome, even for small fixes like typos. Check [What to Contribute](#what-to-contribute) above for more information about what kind of PRs we are looking for.

#### Pull Request Checklist

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated
systems will run some checks on your new contribution. We require that your pull request
passes these checks, but we also have more criteria than just that before we can
accept and merge it. We recommend that you check the following things locally
before you submit your code:

- We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged. This repo also contains a *Makefile* for running linting tasks locally. Executing `make lint`  is another way to check your work before GitHub actions.

### Review/comment on Pull Requests

> Reviews and comments on open [Pull Requests](pulls) are always appreciated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reviews and comments on open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pulls) are always appreciated.
```

  - [See the template for more details](cbpps/NNNN-cbpp-template.md)
- Gap Analysis

###

CNF WG doesn't develop any code, but it's work feeds into many groups that do develop code both upstream and downstream. If you want to take the work of the CNF WG and put it into code, check out:

- [CNF Test Suite](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-testsuite) is the place for test cases used in best practices

> - [Kubernetes Network Plumbing](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg) implementes a common standard addressing how one may attach multiple networks to pods in Kubernetes

Reviewer: love it.

for any contributor. [good first issue](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to
help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/help%20wanted) are issues
suitable for someone who isn't a core maintainer and is good to move onto after
your first pull request.

Sometimes there won’t be any issues with these labels. That’s ok! There is
likely still something for you to work on. If you want to contribute but you
don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#current-co-chairs).  

Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying
that you want to work on it. Something like "I want to work on this" is fine.

### Submit Pull Requests

Pull Requests are always welcome, even for small fixes like typos. Check [What to Contribute](#what-to-contribute) above for more information about what kind of PRs we are looking for.

#### Pull Request Checklist

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated

> systems will run some checks on your new code. We require that your pull request

Reviewer: might need to change this verbiage up a tiny bit since we aren't necessarily contributing code here to this repo atm. Maybe just something as simple as "your updates" or "your documentation"?

Author: How about "contribution"?

> systems will run some checks on your new code. We require that your pull request

Author: ```suggestion
systems will run some checks on your new contribution. We require that your pull request
```

Review, contribute to, create new [GitHub issues](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/issues).

We have good first issues for new contributors and help wanted issues suitable
for any contributor. [good first issue](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to
help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/help%20wanted) are issues
suitable for someone who isn't a core maintainer and is good to move onto after
your first pull request.

Sometimes there won’t be any issues with these labels. That’s ok! There is
likely still something for you to work on. If you want to contribute but you
don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#current-co-chairs).  

> Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying

Reviewer 5: Where should we post such a comment about starting to work on something?   Is this exclusively for working on Issues or does it apply to eventual PRs?  For example, @sishbi and I have started to prepare a Use Case but we are currently drafting something outside Github.  We will eventually create a PR.   The question is whether we are wanting to know about "Work in Progress" items?

Reviewer 6: @Smitholi67 I *think* we are meant to post a comment to this discussion: https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/39 to put a line in the sand about starting a new use-case.
@taylor Is that correct?

Reviewer: @sishbi if it builds upon that use case, then you can definitely add it there. If it is a brand new use case, I'd start a fresh discussion. @Smitholi67 The trend we've seen is people will start a discussion (this is a great way to generate some movement on anything you want to dive in to), get some feedback and put in a PR.

Author: maybe we should document this process somewhere? in the use case file or template?

Reviewer 6: Yes that would be good. The use case template mentions the discussion I stated so that would need editing

Author: @sishbi I've tried to make it more clear in this PR. Does that help? https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/157/commits/be3a10533b1c853a3ace4e0192124b825024cfb7

suitable for someone who isn't a core maintainer and is good to move onto after
your first pull request.

Sometimes there won’t be any issues with these labels. That’s ok! There is
likely still something for you to work on. If you want to contribute but you
don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](#current-co-chairs).  

Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying
that you want to work on it. Something like "I want to work on this" is fine.

### Submit Pull Requests

Pull Requests are always welcome, even for small fixes like typos. Check [What to Contribute](#what-to-contribute) above for more information about what kind of PRs we are looking for.

#### Pull Request Checklist

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated
systems will run some checks on your new contribution. We require that your pull request
passes these checks, but we also have more criteria than just that before we can
accept and merge it. We recommend that you check the following things locally

> before you submit your code:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
before you submit your change:
```

Reviewer 7: As we say above that "CNF WG doesn't develop any code" it might get confusing if we refer to code here. Could be fixed in a follow up PR, not a blocking issue.

> - We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged.

Reviewer 8: this repo contains a *Makefile* for running linting tasks locally,  so executing `make lint`  could be another way to check things before GH actions.

Author: thanks, I've just added it

> - We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged.

Author: ```suggestion
- We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged. This repo also contains a *Makefile* for running linting tasks locally. Executing `make lint`  is another way to check your work before GitHub actions.
```

> - We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged. This repo also contains a *Makefile* for running linting tasks locally. Executing `make lint`  is another way to check your work before GitHub actions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We prefer that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged. This repo also contains a *Makefile* for running linting tasks locally. Executing `make lint`  is another way to check your work before GitHub actions.
```

I suggest making passing preferred, but optional as the linting (at least) has problematic failures and is unreliable.  For example, see:
- https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/157#issuecomment-826398602
- https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/157#issuecomment-832041412

### Review/comment on Pull Requests

Reviews and comments on open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pulls) are always appreciated.

> 5 approvals from the community are needed to merge PRs so your review is greatly appreciated.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Up to 5 approvals from the community are needed to merge PRs so your review is greatly appreciated.
```

Reviewer 4: Hmmm... 5 approvals are currently needed for most PRs.  Not sure about this wording @sishbi

Reviewer 6: Because some PRs only need a single approval so stating 5 approvals here is not correct and the clarification of how many approvals are needed is described later in the document

Author: That's a good point, thanks for the catch

> Review, contribute to, create new [GitHub issues](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/issues).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Review, contribute to, create new [GitHub issues](issues).
```

We have good first issues for new contributors and help wanted issues suitable

> for any contributor. [good first issue](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for any contributor. [good first issue](labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to
```

> help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/labels/help%20wanted) are issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](labels/help%20wanted) are issues
```

suitable for someone who isn't a core maintainer and is good to move onto after
your first pull request.

Sometimes there won’t be any issues with these labels. That’s ok! There is
likely still something for you to work on. If you want to contribute but you

> don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg#current-co-chairs).  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to one of the [co-chairs](#current-co-chairs).  
```

Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying
that you want to work on it. Something like "I want to work on this" is fine.

### Submit Pull Requests

Pull Requests are always welcome, even for small fixes like typos. Check [What to Contribute](#what-to-contribute) above for more information about what kind of PRs we are looking for.

#### Pull Request Checklist

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated
systems will run some checks on your new contribution. We require that your pull request
passes these checks, but we also have more criteria than just that before we can
accept and merge it. We recommend that you check the following things locally
before you submit your code:

- We use Github Actions to test all pull requests. We require that all tests succeed on a pull request before it is merged.

### Review/comment on Pull Requests

> Reviews and comments on open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pulls) are always appreciated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reviews and comments on open [Pull Requests](pulls) are always appreciated.
```

- Other changes with exception to those listed in the [Governance Additional Approval Items list](GOVERNANCE.md#additional-approval-items) may be merged after approval of 5 community reviewers.

### Ask for help

> The best way to reach us with a question when contributing is to ask on

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The best way to reach us with a question when contributing is to ask on:
```
